README.md, before:

# Hack-a-Thing #1
*Jason Ceto*

---
#### Short Description of What Was Built
- A small iOS app capable of playing a game of war
-  Cards are randomly generated whenever the deal button is pressed and the winner (if not a tie) gains a point
- While obviously this was a very basic app, I think being able to better understand app design/creation for iOS and the Swift language could be very helpful for what I want to do in my final project
---
#### What Description of What Was Learned
- This was my first time dealing with the storyboard for XCode as well as general iOS development
- Using a graphical interface builder is interesting and very helpful, I appreciated being able to layout the setup of the app before having to connect the pieces
- This brought back the Model-View-Controller concepts that I learned during CS65 a little while ago
---
#### What Didn't Work
- This particular portion of the tutorial didn't seem to be too difficult or time consuming (other than getting XCode set up properly), so I'm hoping to dive a bit deeper and add some additional features
---
##### Sources / Tutorials
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulp1Kimblg0
- https://codewithchris.com/ios-app-development/

Commit message:

added several new features and ready for class

README.md, after:

# Hack-a-Thing #1
*Jason Ceto*

---
#### Short Description of What Was Built
- An iOS app capable of playing games of war against a CPU as well as a more involved matching game
-  For War, cards are randomly generated whenever the deal button is pressed and the winner (if not a tie) gains a point
-  The matching game has a time limit and keeps track of which images have been selected to achieve a win condition
-  While this is a relatively basic app, the introduction of a navigation panel to switch between the two games was interesting to learn
-  App design/creation for iOS can be very helpful for me moving forward with my final project
---
#### What Description of What Was Learned
- This was my first time dealing with the storyboard for XCode as well as general iOS development
- Using a graphical interface builder is interesting and very helpful, I appreciated being able to layout the setup of the app before having to connect the pieces
- Having a primary navigation controller and several views was helpful for me to understand
- This brought back the Model-View-Controller concepts that I learned during CS65 a little while ago
---
#### What Didn't Work
- Adding the navigation panel was a bit difficult for me since I had originally created only the War portion and tried to add it on, which left some bugs that I had to hunt around for
- Fortunately I was eventually able to figure it out and get my app together
---
##### Sources / Tutorials
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulp1Kimblg0
- https://codewithchris.com/ios-app-development/
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unaf817uNtQ
